---
id: 1.1.7
title: Cafienne Engine Release 1.1.7
sidebar_label: 1.1.7
---

## Housekeeping Release

This release holds a few house keeping topics.

## Massive compatiblity testing for each commit
The build street infrastructure has been extended to run automated backwards compatibility testing on the following engine versions
- Release 1.1.4 with content in Microsoft SQL Server is upgraded to the current version and tested with the automated tests.
- Release 1.1.4 with content in PostgreSQL  is upgraded to the current version and tested with the automated tests.
- Release 1.1.5 with content in Microsoft SQL Server is upgraded to the current version and tested with the automated tests.
- Release 1.1.5 with content in PostgreSQL is upgraded to the current version and tested with the automated tests.

This means for e.g. this release 1.1.7 that an engine version 1.1.4 is upgraded to release 1.1.5, 1.1.6 and 1.1.7 and then the automated tests are run on top of that release.

## Further refinement in sentry evaluation
The sentry evaluation refactoring in releases 1.1.5 and 1.1.4 did not cover for some bootstrapping scenarios.
When a case was started, the engine first created the case file events and then case plan events. Due to this, case file input parameters did not trigger the entry criteria corresponding to the case plan, because they were not yet known to the case file.
This has been fixed now.

## Other topics
- In release 1.1.6, when case owners would get a task assigned then the required case role would be added to the owner. However, there is no need for this, since case owners have sufficient rights to complete the task. Also that is not compliant with e.g. claiming the task by the owner. This has been changed now.
- Error handling for potential CMMN model deserialization failures is now more robust.


## Tickets closed

| Ticket   | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| 112  |  Implicitly upserting a case team member should not add role to case owners
| 115  |  Bootstrapping issue: CaseFile input parameters do not trigger entry criteria but should


