---
id: 1.1.5
title: Cafienne Engine Release 1.1.5
sidebar_label: 1.1.5
---

## Housekeeping Release

This release holds a few house keeping topics.

## Persistent timer events
Up until release 1.1.4, if the case model had scheduled timer events, and the case engine was restarted, the scheduled timer events would no longer be triggered, as the schedule was not persisted.
This has been fixed through a new Timer Service actor that uses snapshot storage for timer events.

## Further refinement in sentry evaluation
In release 1.1.4, the implementation of the repetition rule has undergone an initial refactoring.
The basic infrastructure for store and execution entry and exit criteria has now undergone a major change leading to a more precise and performing implementation that keeps track of the criteria at plan item level, instead of at the surrounding stage.

## Preparation for upcoming Case Team authorizations
This release also holds a migration of the projection database in order to prepare for the upcoming changes in the authorization model of Cafienne Engine. Until release 1.1.4, if a case instance is created with a case team holding members that do not have an explicit case role assigned, those members are not filled in the case team member instance table in the projection database.
When release 1.1.5 is started for the first time, the projection for case team is rebuild by removing the CaseProjectionWriter offset from the database. The engine then will take some time to rebuild the query db case team tables and insert case team members also when the member does not have an explicit role in the case team.

## Tickets closed

| Ticket   | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| 88 | Swagger documentation of repository/deploy is incorrect

