---
id: 1.1.30
title: Cafienne Engine Release 1.1.30
sidebar_label: 1.1.30
---

# Fixes & enhancements
This release contains a couple of enhancements for the migration of case definitions.
Furthermore a slight extension to the authorization rules on case access, and an improvement in the new failure bubbling feature.
Also some regular housekeeping took place.

## Improved failure bubbling
[Release 1.1.28](1.1.28.md) introduced [model driven fault handling](/docs/extensions/fault-handling). This functionality includes bubbling faults up and down the chain of cases, stages and subcases.
When a sub case failed, the CaseTask would still apply the mapping of output parameters within the parent case (as if the CaseTask completed).
<br />
As of this release the output mappings are no longer executed when a CaseTask fails.

## Enhanced migration options
Migration of case definitions has been improved in circumstances where the repetition rule is actively applied.
<br />
In addition, discretionary items can now be migrated to regular plan items and the other way around.

## Tenant role membership
Access to a case can be given in 3 manners: 
- Directly by assigning a user id
- By assigning a role in a consent-group; then all users in that group with that role get access to the case.
- By assigning a tenant role.

Tenant role access has been extended. Until this release, any user within the tenant that has the tenant role gets access to the case.
<br/>
This access has now been extended to include also roles with the same name assigned to users in consent groups that belong to the tenant in which the case runs.

## Security Update
Library dependencies for PostgreSQL, Logback and H2 have been updated to newer versions.

## Housekeeping
The build infrastructure upgraded to a newer version, including better error logging in the build pipeline.

## Tickets closed

| Ticket   | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [#428](https://github.com/cafienne/cafienne-engine/issues/428) | [Replacing a case file item array with an empty array crashes the engine](https://github.com/cafienne/cafienne-engine/issues/428) |
| [#431](https://github.com/cafienne/cafienne-engine/issues/431) | [When a CaseTask fails, it should not perform output mappings](https://github.com/cafienne/cafienne-engine/issues/431) |
