---
id: 1.1.2
title: Cafienne Engine Release 1.1.2
sidebar_label: 1.1.2
---

# New Health Endpoint
The Cafienne Engine has added 2 new end points
- `/health` returning the full health information of the engine
- `/version` returning the version information of the engine

Furthermore all endpoints but above one will return `HTTP 503 Service Unavailable` if the health is not 100% green.

## Better recovery from failing database connections
If the event journal database is not reachable, the engine now tries to restart the connection.

## New Logging features with Docker

Engine logging in Docker can be enabled with a custom logback.xml. 
 This also enables dynamically changing the log-levels of the Case Engine. 
 The [`getting-started`](https://github.com/cafienne/getting-started) repository has a sample `logback.xml` file that writes log information both to disk (with a rolling appender that keeps the logs for 10 days).

## Bootstrap tenant configuration
It is now possible to create a tenant with owners and users during startup of the Case Engine. From the `local.conf` file, a reference can be made to a separate configuration file that holds the tenant information. It is not possible to update the tenant setup through this mechanism. If the tenant already exists, the content of the file will be ignored.

## Housekeeping
- Some internal refactoring to cleanup code and make reading configuration settings more explicit.
- If a user is only member of a single tenant, that will automatically be the default tenant for that user.
- More clear error messages if something fails in the PDF report generation component.

## Tickets closed

| Ticket   | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| 62 |  Recovery of cases no longer repeatedly activates underlying process tasks
| 60 |  Process task executed again even after completion.
| 58 |  API getTenantUser should not return a user if the userid is not existing
| 57 |  API plan item transition does not work for user events
| 56 |  API getTenantUsers should not return users that have been disabled
| 55 |  API addTenantUser does not store username and email
| 54 |  API getTenantUsers does not return user roles, but this is expected
| 47 |  Adding a tenant owner twice no longer results in an "under-the-hood" exception
| 45 |  Cannot add a tenant owner if it is not registered as a tenant user first
| 44 |  Tenant API swagger-ui fixes
| 43 |  Case Team API swagger-ui fixes
| 42 |  Various fixes in the Case File API
| 39 |  Removing a role from a tenant user does not work
| 37 |  Enabling/disabling tenants fails on check for tenant existence
| 7  | "Writer stream has an issue"

